feat: Altered the standard of module files (#19)
meshcloud/meshstack-hub: README.md

```
module_name/

>     building_block/ -- This is the *actual* Terraform module that provisions resources for application teams.

Reviewer: f: 
```suggestion
    buildingblock/ -- This is the *actual* Terraform module that provisions resources for application teams.
```
